#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accelerate==0.18.0
    # via
    #   audiolm-pytorch
    #   musiclm-pytorch
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.8
    # via hydra-core
audiolm-pytorch==0.28.1
    # via musiclm-pytorch
beartype==0.13.1
    # via
    #   audiolm-pytorch
    #   musiclm-pytorch
bitarray==2.7.3
    # via fairseq
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via fairseq
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sacrebleu
cython==0.29.34
    # via fairseq
einops==0.6.1
    # via
    #   audiolm-pytorch
    #   encodec
    #   local-attention
    #   musiclm-pytorch
    #   vector-quantize-pytorch
    #   x-clip
ema-pytorch==0.2.3
    # via audiolm-pytorch
encodec==0.1.1
    # via audiolm-pytorch
fairseq==0.12.2
    # via audiolm-pytorch
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fsspec==2023.4.0
    # via huggingface-hub
ftfy==6.1.1
    # via x-clip
huggingface-hub==0.14.1
    # via transformers
hydra-core==1.0.7
    # via fairseq
idna==3.4
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via torch
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   audiolm-pytorch
    #   scikit-learn
lion-pytorch==0.0.7
    # via
    #   audiolm-pytorch
    #   musiclm-pytorch
local-attention==1.8.5
    # via audiolm-pytorch
lxml==4.9.2
    # via sacrebleu
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
musiclm-pytorch==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   encodec
    #   fairseq
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
omegaconf==2.0.6
    # via
    #   fairseq
    #   hydra-core
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pillow==9.5.0
    # via torchvision
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via sacrebleu
psutil==5.9.5
    # via accelerate
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   transformers
regex==2023.3.23
    # via
    #   fairseq
    #   sacrebleu
    #   transformers
    #   x-clip
requests==2.29.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
sacrebleu==2.3.1
    # via fairseq
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via audiolm-pytorch
scipy==1.10.1
    # via scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.1.98
    # via audiolm-pytorch
sympy==1.11.1
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
torch==2.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   audiolm-pytorch
    #   ema-pytorch
    #   encodec
    #   fairseq
    #   lion-pytorch
    #   local-attention
    #   musiclm-pytorch
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
    #   vector-quantize-pytorch
    #   x-clip
torchaudio==2.0.1
    # via
    #   audiolm-pytorch
    #   encodec
    #   fairseq
    #   musiclm-pytorch
torchvision==0.15.1
    # via x-clip
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   audiolm-pytorch
    #   fairseq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
transformers==4.28.1
    # via audiolm-pytorch
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
vector-quantize-pytorch==1.2.2
    # via
    #   audiolm-pytorch
    #   musiclm-pytorch
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via ftfy
x-clip==0.12.1
    # via musiclm-pytorch
